Hello gays and welcome to this video in this video I will show you some some methods that you can use
to make some money.
OK.
And there are actually there are a lot of them mattered a bit from which you can make money.
But the best one is Google essence.
OK.
First thing you need to do is set up your blog get a lot of traffic OK and make some amazing posting
on your blog and make it amazing and make it fast and everything.
OK.
And then what you can do.
You can apply for Google Trends and they're going to be there will be instructions for Google that's
how you going make money.
But like I said first you need to monetize or optimize your blog for two or four months.
OK.
Make it look better make it look good make it have.
I have a lot of traffic in there and then you will be able to apply for Google Apps and.
OK.
But what you can do right now is this is what I'm going to show you in this video.
There are a lot of things that you can do to make money with your skills that you just learn in discourse.
How you can use your skills to make money.
The first thing that you can do is create some gigs on fiber.
Most of you guys may already know what fiber is fiber is a service where you provide some where you
provide fiber to the website really provide some services and make some money.
You make some money from those services.
OK.
If we search for what Beth here
and you are going to see a lot of gigs gigs and executive services OK you're going to see a lot of services
to divert Beth critical or Lord.
OK so now you can see there are a lot of service related to WordPress.
I will fix that.
Customize your best team.
Are you getting more of head from core.
These services are all a little bit different.
Best increase would best be of interest all of our best team wins.
You do your best side.
I will move to a new host or demand.
You see that a lot of geeks in here and they are making a lot of money.
Ok the same thing you can do just sign sign up for this play will start selling and create an account.
You can use it or you can put it on using Facebook or Google it and then create a gig.
It is very easy to do even a little child can do it.
Are there instructions or are there already okay you can start selling it.
Get your account.
Then you will be able to get a gig.
Just get a gig at your machine what you can do like this like this but instead if its for best at best
it is just right.
I will fix that press or I will a stalwart best like what skills you got from discourse you got skills
of getting blog get optimizing block modernizing blog what what you were.
You learn a lot from this course of press websites.
You can create a blog.
I will get your word processor in $5.
I would add to your amazing e-com are that $35 you can do anything you want.
OK.
It is not hard.
Just start selling your set of fees on Fiverr and sign up on 5.
If you feel any problem in getting anything just contact me and show you how.
But like I said even a little child can do it.
It is very easy to start up just looks and start selling sign up and then just get a gig.
The sections will be there in deciding again to show you that you can get your gig.
OK so this is amazing service.
Fiverr is amazing.
Do you buy a lot of freelancers.
The next thing that you can do is work up work as a free thing upset a lot of freelancers are freelancers
on this upchucked Web site and they are selling their services just like on fiber.
Okay.
And let me tell you something.
A work seems to be more popular than fiber.
OK so I'm going to search for website and search for an upset in here and you're going to see people
who are providing services related Web site to see this person whose name is getting OK and what he's
doing.
He's a tech boom and he provides his services.
OK you can see twenty seven dollars per hour.
This person he's also a user interface designer and he takes $25 per hour.
So you see these other people who are providing services you can also start working on a pervert.
OK just get an account on it.
OK.
And then just start selling your services just like when fiber get.
It is not hard to do and share your side with your friends.
OK.
Tell them to share further and people will start to contact you or advertise your services on Facebook
or some other platforms.
That's how you can monetize your skills.
You've got to you've got to work on your own blog.
Set up your blog.
Right.
Your boss got a lot of visitors money as your blog.
Apply for good.
Get some ads make some money you can do a lot of things OK.
And you can also do you can apply for.
You can sign up for Fiverr provide some services what you have learned in this course and sign up for
up work and start from start reading your services or up work and make some good money.
OK.
There are a lot of other things that you can do but the best things are does work and fiber and more.
Best thing is be build your own blog like you have learned skills in this course how you can be sure.
Everything about blogging.
OK.
I taught you that how you can create your amazing blog how you can make your blog good for you and a
lot other thing.
I'll show you how you're going to handle the demands or not a lot of things you know if you face any
problem or any question if you have any question just under discussion and I will reply to you as soon
as I see the discussion.
So thank you for what you said to you.
I will see you in the next video.